hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 film x-men apocalypse as
stated in my other summaries x-men has a
nonlinear storyline with many things
being ret conned out by Fox it will most
likely do a short podcast discussing my
interpretations of the storyline and how
it varies from the official timeline the
summary does rely in part that you've
seen the previous film if you'd like to
see a summary check out the links below
as well as the summaries for the other
Marvel films the film opens showing a
powerful mutant known as n7 or or
apocalypse being trapped inside of a
tomb in ancient Egypt apocalypse is
thought to be one of the first mutants
with a wide variety of powers including
the ability to channel and upgrade other
mutants powers apocalypse wakes up in
the year 1983 and he believes that
humanity has lost its way and that the
world needs to be cleansed of humanity
and remade he recruits a young storm who
can control the weather and upgrades her
powers making her one of his lieutenants
which in a comic book this is referred
to one of his four horsemen the film
transitions into showing a young
mystique rescuing several mutants
including the winged mutant angel and
the teleporter Nightcrawler Nightcrawler
mystique traveled to Xavier school while
angel and another mutant named psylocke
are recruited by apocalypse both of
their powers are enhanced and they
become apocalypses lieutenants we see a
young Scott Summers or Cyclops develop
his powers come to Xavier school and
eventually meet the telepathic and
telekinetic Jean Grae apocalypses
activities have cost the attention of
the x-men and Xavier consults with CIA
agent Moira MacTaggert who has been
researching the legend of apocalypse
this is also the same McTaggart from the
first class film that Xavier had a love
interest with the film transitions to
magneto who is in hiding with his wife
and daughter who are all discovered and
his family is killed magneto retaliates
an apocalypse arrives transports magneto
to Auschwitz where his powers first
manifested magneto eventually joins
apocalypse as
final lieutenant apocalypse gains
control of Xavier and cerebro and forces
all the world's nukes to be fired into
space so that can't be used against
apocalypse Xavier is kidnapped the
Xavier mansion is destroyed but all of
its residents are saved by the speedster
Quicksilver who is actually Magneto's
son some of the students are captured by
a younger Colonel Stryker the same
Colonel Stryker that had seen in the x2
and the x-men origins films the captured
mutants eventually break out with the
help of a brainwashed Wolverine aka
Weapon X who at this point in the
timeline is unaware of who the x-men are
Jean restores a portion of Wolverines
memory and he flees magneto begins to
use his powers to control the Earth's
magnetic poles causing massive
destruction and death across the entire
planet
apocalypse attempts to steal Xavier 's
body so he can gain his telepathic
powers but Xavier is able to send a
distress call to Jean and the other
students and is saved before his powers
are stolen the x-men begin to fight with
apocalypse and his lieutenants in a
destroyed Cairo angel is defeated
eventually storm and Magneto decide to
turn on apocalypse and help fight with
the x-men the Xavier begins a telepathic
battle with apocalypse and eventually
Jean joins in unleashing her full power
as the Phoenix see the x-men last and
for more info and apocalypse is
eventually defeated Psylocke flees after
the fight Xavier and McTaggart rekindle
their relationship magneto and Jean
rebuild the school the film ends with
the x-men training in the simulation in
a post-credits scene we see men from the
Essex corporation retrieving the data
from Strykers facility including a blood
sample from Weapon X this is a reference
to mr. sinister and x-men villain and
probably will play some part in future
x-men film one last thing that I wanted
to point out is that the film sort of
makes Magneto out as an okayish guy by
the end of the film after he turns on
apocalypse my issue with this is the
devastation we see in the film it's
reasonable to say literally hundreds of
millions of people died because of what
apocalypse the magneto did Cairo was
completely destroyed which has a
population of well over 10 million
people I don't normally put my opinion
in these
but it really bothered me that everyone
seems kind of okay with Magneto by the
end of the film where he played a
crucial part in killing a minimum of a
hundred million people this is something
that often is ignored in superhero film
except for maybe civil war is extremely
frustrating to me I just thought I'd
share my two cents about that that was
the spoilers for x-men apocalypse if you
have a film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]